What problem does using exports solve?
Using modules allows for better application architecture. It's like having differing tool boxes for different jobs. I've got a tool box with chisels, and one for setting tile and one for carpentry. Each one is like a module and can be added to my work truck, which represents the main.js file. Modules are also only visble to the scripts that call them and allow privacy to a degree in your coding. Modules are also not run in the main script until they are called thereby increaseing efficiency. 


How does export differ from export default? 

Export defaul exports everything in that .js file and export exports only the file that you want sent to the controller. THsi is nice because it provides another layer of security.



What is a benefit of using the Module System? 
    See the answer to question on. Is that recursion? Probably not. I went over the reading a few times and think, but not sure that it allows you to build in security to your applications.
What problem does using exports solve?

It allows for only allowing people to see what you want them to see. Users don't need access to your models so only what 
needs to be seen by the user can be selected for export.

How does export differ from export default?
Export will allow all files to be exported. Export default allow you to select what is exported.

What is a benefit of using the Module System? Security of data is a main benefit of MVC. We don't want 
just anyone to be able to manipulate the data in different layers of the MVC file structure.

