What is a User Experience? What should be considered when developing a User Experience? FIrst thing you should consider is that the user will break the app. So evey way that you can think of to break the app should be included in your process, particularly in testing. A developer must have a clear idea of how the app will be used and what for. UI is the kind of experience you want your user to have. People don't care about you, they only care what you can do for them. If your UI doesn't make the User's life easier, then your app will get deleted. So every thing your app does should start with why the user wants to use your app. No app is perfect, however, there are apps that make our lives better. It isn't always how it looks, but how it works and weather the number of steps to get to their goal is acceptable makes a huge difference to your user. 

What are some benefits of taking into account the User Experience? You know what your functionality needs to be. Much of what goes in to an app is how well people like it. If they don't like it, they will not use it. The market is saturated with apps that go nowhere. They get built, but rarely get purchase if they aren't already free to download. This is about making life easier, and if you don't do that, you've make something fun, but it won't make any money. So taking into account user experience to a fine detailed level will help drive adoption. Adoption means purchases. 

Why is the User Experience important? I believe I've aleready answered this one. Every element of a business from a strategic standpoint must be considered; right down to the kind of paper towels you have in your restrooms. If one thing doesn't fit in your business schema, it can ruin your business. I like to think of it like this. How awesome would Star Wars have been if Gilbert Godfrey had done the voice of Darth Vader? You would have walked out; right? Business is the same way. Make your plan based on all the questions you should ask regarding your customer. Who are they? What do they need? What do they want? and so on. This is the essence of UI.