Post Course Review:

Boise Codeworks does a great job teaching people to code. I really enjoyed my experience throughout the course even thouhg parts of it where stressful. As a student of life in general, anything learning is good. Everyone I encountered throughout the course were friendly and helpful. They helped me when I needed help, but didn't just give me the answers. They believed in me, even when I didn't. I would have liked to complete projects given during class time, but always found myself short on that commodity. I would have perfered to work longer in class on each of the steps we followed for each type of language, framework, or achitecture. I do feel that now that the end is near, that I do have the ability to create a full stack application using HTML, CSS, Javascript, C#, .Net, and the MVC architecture with the VUE framework. 

I believe this course could improve the speed and duration at which information is delivered. I found it to be way to fast when we were working with VUE. I don't feel like near enough time was spent on that framework. It is still my greatest single roadblock to being really successful in this course. I believe they could take longer with making a full-stack students really fully educated on that process because I feel like much of it was glossed over simply due to the restraints that the school has placed on itself. 

The Instructors and TA's are very good. They've got the experience to do the job in a timely manner. They really seem to care that students are where they need to be. When I had a roadblock, they were almost always there to help. The only times I needed help when they weren't available was during weekend checkpoints. I found that really stressful, but managed to make it through.